>> Mike North: All right, so
looking back at the slides,
now we want to add a reasonable
content security policy.
So I'm gonna open up Helmet JS and
look at their example here.
And basically we require this thing,
we bring this in, and
it is a middleware for
connect, which also means that it's
gonna generally work with Express.
So I'll just grab this whole thing
and we'll trim down to what
we really need in here.
Now I made the claim that you really
only need to work in index.js
in the server folder,
so let's start there.
Get rid of that,
get rid of this we don't need it anymore,
all right, so
I wanna paste it right here just to make
it consistent, so
we're grabbing the CSP object.
And effectively, when you're
dealing particularly with Express,
all of these app.use things,
this is a stack of middlewares.
So these think of them as little
pieces of code that each get a chance
to do something, to request as it
kind of filters down and comes in.
And then potentially do something to
respond as it bubbles back up, right?
So we talk about it like it's a stack,
and think of it like a stack of things.
And we kinda bounce all the way
down until we get to the bottom and
everything handles it.
And then we travel all the way
back up through the stack, and
ultimately return the value.
So because of that, we gotta pick
kinda where we want this to go.
And you want your CSP to be wherever
any of the other headers you have are.
And I recognize cores as something that
deals with headers, so we can do that.
Now if you needed like a value
from a cookie or something,
like when we talk about
cross-site request forgery.
You might want to say, well this is
something that like extracts the cookie
out of a header and
gives me a reasonable value for it.
That might be a reason to sort of say,
well let's deal with cookies first.
And then now I can access
the cookie values easily and
because I need those for something.
All right, so the way I like to do this
is there are a bunch of options here,
a lot of them are worth looking at but
we don't need them for
this first intro to this library.
I'm gonna leave report only as true.
This basically means that it's not
gonna block anything from working, but
it's gonna yell at me.
Note that we have this report URI thing
that's available in the configuration for
our CSP headers.
So what this means is you
can specify an end point or
errors will be sent from
browsers that detect violations.
This can be used for what some people
call a dynamic kill switch, where you
basically, in the event that you get
information about a CSP violation.
You can pass along with that
some safe indication that can
be used to find that user's session and
essentially terminate them right away.
Essentially logging them out
if any CSP thing happens and
triggering some escalation in whatever
security management software you use.
This is a good place to hook in.
The downside is, it does give us some
ability to figure out
status about current users.
It bleeds information out about domains
that our code is not executing on,
which potentially we could use.
So for example, if we tried to
request an asset from Facebook,
and we were able to put our own
report uri violation there.
So say I get you to click on a link and
go to this page.
And now you try to access Facebook.
I can get some information about,
were you allowed to see that?
Were you logged in or not?
So we can kinda infer by
whether a request was sent out,
what is this user allowed to do or not.
So I wanna not deal with objects,
we can leave that as is actually.
Sandbox, this has to do with iframes.
So you can only permit iframes that
have the Sandbox attribute on them.
Which would say, you're not allowed
to cause navigation in the top frame.
You're not allowed to open
up post message channels.
You're not allowed to run scripts, right?
You can limit what an iframe can do, and
this would say well, we can have iframes,
but only if they are at
least this restrictive.
Image source, we're going to say that
falls back to our default source,
that's fine.
Font source we're gonna need,
we'll leave self in there,
that's probably a good practice.
And we're gonna add data; cuz we'll find
that we've got a base 64 in coded one.
I'll actually get rid of that just so
we can see the error.
And we can get rid of unsafe-inline.
Let's see if we can get away
with not including that,
we certainly don't need this.
>> Mike North: All right, let's try it.
So I'm gonna bring our app
back into the picture.
>> Mike North: And
this is where you wanna open up Dev Tools.
>> Mike North: Refresh.
We're gonna stay on authenticated now.
All right, so
you see we got a bunch of errors here.
So let's just stop up at the top.
It says Sandbox is ignored when
delivered in a report only property.
Okay, we'll get rid of that.
>> Mike North: And we'll refresh again,
a hard refresh, so we don't hit our cache.
I'm still preserving my log.
>> Mike North: There we go.
So upgrade-insecure-requests is ignored
when delivered in a report-only policy.
That's fine, we'll leave that,
it'll disappear.
So default-src, blah, blah, blah.
It was delivered in report-only mode,
but does not support a report-uri.
Let's see what happens when we
get out of report only mode.
>> Mike North: All right,
>> Mike North: So
now you see, stuff's breaking down.
The browser has obviously refused to do
some things that it was doing before.
It refused to load this style sheet
because it violates
the content security policy.
And it states my policy right there.
>> Mike North: Style-src
was explicitly set, so
default-src was used as a fallback.
Sorry, it was not explicitly set so
default source is used as a fall back.
So we can add into default
sources self is added there.
>> Mike North: I know what I
>> Mike North: That's interesting.
I would have expected self to work, but
no matter, we can just add it here.
Let me look at the policy I asked you to
implement, it might the unsafe inline.
So let's add that.
>> Mike North: And
self must be in those quotes,
it has to be in the CSP
header value between quotes.
>> Mike North: So
something crashed the app,
let's see what it could be,
styleSrc, objectSrc.
>> Mike North: Problem was what?
>> Mike North: It must be quoted,
unsafe-inline must be quoted.
>> Mike North: Okay,
>> Mike North: Do a hard refresh,
see if we get a new policy.
>> Mike North: Let's try our lvh.me
>> Mike North: All right,
I'm just gonna continue to just implement
the CSP that I asked you to do,
which is style source self, unsafe,
inline, font source is data,
and default source is only self.
So default source is, sorry,
I lost my place, default source is self.
Font source is data.
We'll take out the object source.
Take out this, take out this.
>> Mike North: I'm gonna
in a second try to stop and
restart my server just to
make sure all that works.
I had to have,
>> Mike North: Yep,
it looks like I'm on there,
maybe I just need to stop and restart.
>> Mike North: There
we go.
So this is why I'd advise
you test a couple domains.
Sometimes this stuff sticks
into the browser and basically,
you gotta kick the cache
to make sure it works.
So if we look at our
network request here for
the document, we can look down at
the headers, the response headers.
And you can see,
here's our content security policy.
And effectively, this little
package that we added made it so
that we only permit the things
that we really want to permit.
I think there's, so
I'm using inline styles on some elements.
On a dom element, for example,
saying style equals something,
that would be something I should
probably get rid of, right?
Cuz if I can forbid it entirely
within this app, I can
now basically eliminate a possible
cross site scripting vector entirely.
And it's gonna as far as CSS
practice to do that anyway.
So, what we've effectively done here is
we've allowed our view library to work for
us by telling it to escape
any untrusted user input.
Ad we have added a content
security policy header,
so that basically you can't inject
arbitrary code into this thing.
For example, that cross site script
injection that I did earlier
on Carnegie Mellon's website,
that would not have worked.
Now of course,
because that was over plain http,
I could have modified that CSP
as it was going over the wire.
And basically said to the browser,
yeah you can trust anything.
That would absolutely be the kind of
thing that these tools like the man
in the middle framework,
that'll just strip that header out and
the browser will never get it.
So obviously we have to go
a couple steps further here.